Sister Ruoying
Be good to me
Take control and don't lose face
Shen Yi
Ouch, hey, don't, don't, don't, don't come here
Get up, little slacker
Uncle Jiang is here
Okay, okay, I'll go right away
Go right up
Master, why is your face red?
Yeah, it's okay. It's hot
Tell me what's the matter, you're early
Jiang's consortium these days
The attack on the Starshine Consortium has intensified
Strong leap this crazy woman
I have an idea.
The trouble with gold prices can be completely solved
How?
The woman who slept with Jiang Feiyue
If anyone in Rongdu could sleep with Jiang Feiyue
In my opinion, that must be the young master
For the family business
Sell out Sexia
It's not that he can't sleep
Humph
To be able to speak so nobly about sleeping with a woman
careless
I'm afraid there is only one young master in the world
Uncle Jiang has worked hard
Since my parents left
Except for our old man
You are the best to me
young master
I watched you grow up
It doesn't sound good.
I treat you like my own son
Yo Ruoying
What are you doing?
This is the report that my grandfather gave me to often enter the company
He's going to put me in the company
Uncle was just confided in yesterday
Let Ruoying join the job today
It's not clear that I plan to hand over the Evergreen Consortium to me
What? Lao Jiang had a car accident?